feat: Add Dockerfile template (#27)
run-llama/create-llama: templates/types/streaming/nextjs/README-template.md

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

> ## Using docker

Reviewer: Apply changes in this readme, also for other templates
```suggestion
## Using Docker
```

> 1. Build an image for Next app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build an image for the Next.js app:
```

```
docker build -t <your_app_image_name> .
```

> 2. Start the app:
> 
> - Generate the embedding for `./data` folder if it exists - otherwise, skip this step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Generate embeddings:

Parse the data and generate the vector embeddings if the `./data` folder exists - otherwise, skip this step:
```

```
docker run \
  --rm \
  -v $(pwd)/.env:/app/.env  \
  -v ./storage:/app/storage \ # Can remove this option if you us a vector database
  -p 3000:3000 \
  <your_app_image_name> \
  npm run generate
```

> - Start the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Start the API
```
